** I went through the tutorials on 10/15/2021
** I created my github account approximately 2 months ago.

5.
    1. Paste the console output you saved at the end of step 3.C (2 points)
       I did not have the correct output in this terminal because I had both CLion
       and the Git Bash open. Although I had previously connected CLion and Github,
       and even pushed the updates for the README.md file via CLion, it would not
       authenticate. I closed the bash session, repushed the updates, but the text
       that I believe you are looking for did not display.

    2. How many commits have been done to the repository (not only by you, but by anyone) so far?
        10 commits; 6 by Esteban Parra, and 4 by me.
      Write the git command you used to get this information (4 points)
        git shortlog -s

    3. When was the README.md  file modified last?
        Author: MimiChi-1 <mimi_hester@yahoo.com>
        Date:   Fri Oct 15 20:20:54 2021 -0500
       Write the git command you used to get this information (4 points)
        git log README.md

    4. Mention two reasons why branches are used in a Git repository (4 points)
        The git branch command lets you create, list, rename, and delete branches.
        Branches allow you to isolate development work without affecting other
        branches in the repository.

    5. What is the difference between git log and git status? (4 points)
        git log: Gets info about last commits
        git status: Shows the working tree status

    6. What command would you use to see the commits where “Vehicle.h” was one of the committed
       files? (4 points)

    7. What command would you use to see the commits whose commit message contains the word “file”? (4 points)
        git log --grep=“term“

    8. In the context of object-oriented programming
        (I) What is inheritance?
            new data types can be defined as extensions of previously defi ned types, rather
            than having to be defined from scratch
        (II) What is polymorphism?
            Polymorphism si the method that performs different things per the object's class, which calls it.
        (III) What is encapsulation? (6 points)
            Encapsulation is the bundling of data, along with the methods that operate on that data,
            into a single unit. As the textbook states: Everything in the product that relates to the
            portion of the real world modeled by that object can be found in the object itself.

    9. What is the main difference between the “Dictator and Lieutenants” workflow and the “Integration manager”
       workflow? (5 points)
        Only the dictator repository can push to the central/blessed repository. The dictator repository merges
        changes in the lieutenant repositories and solves any arising conflicts.
        Lieutenant repositories merge changes for some developers and solves conflicts. A developer
        pushes changes to the assigned lieutenant repository.

        Integration manager: Conflict resolutions are done by the integration manager.

    10.How would a team of 100 developers benefit from following the “Dictator and Lieutenants”
       workflow instead of the “Centralized” workflow? (5 points)
        Since only the dictator can push to the central repository, there would be less conflicts.